Update Vercel access levels (#164)
nodejs/web-team: PERMISSIONS.md

| **[Figma][]**                | Read                               | -           | Write                  | -                 | -                  | Access to this service is controlled by the OpenJS Foundation and @avivkeller, and only covers website-related design files.                                           |
| **[HackMD][]**               | -                                  | -           | -                      | -                 | Admin              |                                                                                                                                                                        |
| **[Sentry][]**               | -                                  | -           | -                      | Manager           | Owner              |                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | **[Vercel][]**               | -                                  | -           | -                      | Contributor       | Owner              | Along with individual access, credentials for a user with elevated exist in 1Password.                                                                                 |

Author: yeah i saw that too robot

> | **[Vercel][]**               | -                                  | -           | -                      | Contributor       | Owner              | Along with individual access, credentials for a user with elevated access exist in 1Password.                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **[Vercel][]**               | -                                  | -           | -                      | Developer         | Admin              | Along with access groups, credentials for a user with elevated access exist in 1Password.                                                                                 |
```
